feat: reference moddle schema from resources path, improve documentation (#64)
bpmn-io/moddle: README.md

}
```

> You may attach the provided [JSON schema](./resources/schema/moddle.json) to get your schema validated through modern IDEs.

Author: ```suggestion
You may attach the provided [JSON schema](./resources/schema/moddle.json) to get your moddle descriptor validated by modern IDEs.
```
